[docs] Update DVP documentation (#10898)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/network/INGRESS.md

---
title: "Incoming traffic management"
permalink: en/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/network/ingress.html
lang: en
---

> To provide external access to virtual machines—for example, for service publishing or remote administration—you can use Ingress resources managed by the ingress-nginx module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide external access to virtual machines, for example, for service publishing or remote administration, you can use `Ingress`resources, which are managed by the ingress-nginx module.
```

> These Ingress resources use NGINX as a reverse proxy and load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These created `Ingress` resources use Nginx as a reverse proxy and load balancer.
```

If multiple nodes are available in a cluster to host an Ingress controller, it's deployed in fault-tolerant mode,
enhancing access reliability and resilience to failures.

Multiple instances of the NGINX Ingress controller can run with separate configurations:
one primary controller and any number of additional controllers.
This approach lets you separate processing of Ingress resources for external and internal (intranet) applications,
ensuring their isolation and more flexible access control.

## Create a controller

To create a NGINX Ingress controller, apply the following `IngressNginxController` resource:

```yaml
d8 k apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: IngressNginxController
metadata:
  name: main
spec:
  ingressClass: nginx
  inlet: HostWithFailover
  nodeSelector:
    node-role.deckhouse.io/frontend: ""
  tolerations:
    - effect: NoExecute
      key: dedicated.deckhouse.io
      value: frontend
EOF
```

> For configuration details on the `IngressNginxController` resource, refer to the [corresponding article](../../../../reference/cr/ingressnginxcontroller.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about the configuration capabilities of the`IngressNginxController` resource, refer to the [documentation](../../../../reference/cr/ingressnginxcontroller.html).
```

### HTTPS termination

> The ingress-nginx module lets you configure HTTPS security policies for each NGINX Ingress controller, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingress-nginx module provides the ability to configure HTTPS security policies for each NGINX Ingress controller, including:
```

- Managing HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) parameters
- Configuring supported versions of SSL/TLS and encryption protocols

Also, ingress-nginx is integrated with the cert-manager module,
which can be used for automatic ordering of SSL certificates and their use by the controllers.

### Monitoring and statistics

The DVP `ingress-nginx` implementation includes a statistics collection system in Prometheus,

> providing various metrics such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
providing various metrics:
```

- Overall response time and upstream time
- Response codes
- Number of request retries
- Request and response sizes
- Request methods

> - `content-type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `content-type` types
```

- Geographic distribution of requests

Data is displayed in multiple views:

> - By namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By `namespace`
```
